Form - labelMode for Overview demo (#1543)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/Form/Overview/description.md

The Form component builds a data entry UI for an object assigned to the [formData](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Configuration/#formData) property. The component displays and aligns label-editor pairs for each field in the bound object.

> You can use the editors on the right to modify the following properties:     
> - [labelMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Configuration/#labelMode)    
> Specifies the display mode of the labels.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the editors on the right to modify the following properties:

- [labelMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Configuration/#labelMode): *"outside"* | *"static"* | *"floating"* | *"hidden"*        
Specifies label display mode.

```

> - [labelLocation](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Configuration/#labelLocation)    
> Specifies whether to display labels above or to the left of corresponding editors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [labelLocation](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Configuration/#labelLocation): *"top"* | *"left"* | *"right"*         
Specifies whether to place outer labels above, to the left, or to the right of corresponding editors. The latter location is not demonstrated in this example.
```
